This dApp is an initial attempt to understand Web3 development.  The utility of the product is at best marginal but it is easier to understand the concepts if building a dApp solving a familiar problem.  The selection of Solana and Rust is mostly of convenience to exploit SOL as opposed to ETH.

The purpose of the dApp (beyound familiarity with building and deploying dApps) is to calculate an individual's assets, as he or she approach retirement, remaining at the end of each year given an initial conditions and assumptions.  The intent is to allow for any number of assets and their ability to appreciate/depreciate, and pay income.  The initial build is for use in the conditions within Canada; therefore, the use of a RRIF and the prescribed drawdown rate is hard coded.  Other considerations such as expected investment return and inflation rates are availabe for individuals to adjust given their expectations of the future.

The model calculates the ending value in assorted "accounts" at the end of a year.  The "accounts" can be investments, banks, businesses, real estate or any item that can be valued at the start of a year and estimated to increase (or decrease) value over a year.  An asset that is not a contributor to income except in the year sold (real estate, a business) are not included in the end of year Remaining amount until sold.  A significant assumption is that an individual's current annual spending supports the same standard of living that is needed for the period in retirement.  The sum of investments, less the annual spending equals the Remaining amount.  If the remaining amount is less than zero, some of the investments are sold to become income in the year to prevent an individual becoming insolvent.  Should the Remaining amount for any year be greater than zero, the amount is placed in an investment account for the start of the next year.

The intent is to identify, based on current assets and estimated inflation and investment return, in what year an individual will run out of money.  If this year is sooner than the end year of the expected life span, adjustments in the model (and likely lifestyle) are needed.  If beyond the end year of expected life span, the individual can adjust their lifestyle to increase spending (includes gifts to family) to most effectively use their money.

For this dApp some of the initial requirements included the on-chain part to be stateless.  This was initially to address confidentialitly concerns (not really valid) associated with data stored on-chain.  A benefit of this approach is minimizing on-chain storage and the associated fees.  Other design decisions include the use of D3.js for data visualization and borch for data serialization/deserialization.  These decisions somewhat drive the development but neither of these of any of the other minor selections are "must haves" for this dApp.
